The Joe Rogan experience. You guys, you comedians,
there must be every once in a while, like a real tragedy to process.
That must be very hard.
Yeah. I mean, I it's, it's not that common. The comedians take their own lives.
I mean, that does happen with Robin.
Robin was a big one for a lot of people because he was,
he was not just a comedian.
He was like a cultural icon in terms of like his films.
You think of all the different movies like I was in.
And he had such a range too.
That's what you like to me when you know how brilliant a person really is. Like,
do you remember that film that he did about the, uh, crazy, uh,
film processing guy? It was like 24 hour film.
You remember those little film booths,
photo booths that people would go to bring back in the old days, you youngsters,
we would have a camera and the camera would have film in it.
And you'd have to bring the film to a place where processing and Robin Williams
did a film about a guy who was a psychopath who was obsessed with
someone from processing their picture one hour photo. That's what it was nice.
It was great. And you just, from that film,
you realize the range this man had, right? No. I mean,
from Goodwill hunting from, you know, somebody different, he was a genius.
Yup.
Yeah. And, and the human race is so lucky to have geniuses in it.
You know what I mean? Like we all feed off them.
Yeah. And they elevate us.
And it costs them sometimes, but we all need, we need those people.
Yeah. To be a guy like that,
to be dealing with the kind of RPMs he was dealing with,
you know, it would spit out these amazing works, but you know,
just a cost on himself.
You know, in good VAR, good morning, Vietnam in the, in the initial few minutes,
like, it's pretty clear that it wasn't scripted because the P you know,
there's this like kid in the control room. I mean, they concede is that as a,
it's a military DJ and radio announcer during Vietnam. Right. And,
and, uh,
the military command didn't really like him because he was saying things that
were sort of like, thought,
not sufficiently sort of respectful of the war or whatever,
but of course the troops loved him. Right. He was a real guy. Right.
And so Robin Williams,
it was pretty clear if you watch the beginning and it's worth watching it,
that he, that it wasn't scripted because the kid in the,
in the sound booth behind him,
you could watch him react to this like three minute,
like the outpouring for Robin Williams,
where he's like channeling different people. And it's all coming out.
It's totally insane. And this kid can't even stand up. He's laughing so hard.
I'm like, that's not acting right.
That's a guy actually has had no idea this was coming.
Right. Right, right. It's amazing.
Yeah. I met him only once and I met him after one of my shows. I didn't know.
I was talking to him until a couple of minutes into the conversation.
He had a crazy big white beard and he waited in line with everybody else to meet
me. And, uh, I was talking to him when he was 10. I always tell him, oh,
I love this bit. I love that. And I love how you put that together. I was like,
oh, thanks man. Thanks. I pre I'm like, holy.
This is Robin Williams. I didn't know.
I literally had no idea until like several minutes into our conversation.
He must have loved that. That was pretty cool, man. That's very cool.
It was cool that, you know, he, first of all,
was cool that he just went to the show by himself. Right. You know,
he decided he wanted to come see me.
Maybe somebody told him I was funny and he came to,
and then he waited in line to meet me and then wanted to talk about individual
bits and how he loved how I put this one together. And that one, it was crazy.
It was like, I realized in the middle of it, I'm like, oh my God,
that's awesome. It was, it was, it was pretty wild,
but that just shows you what kind of thoughtful person he was. You know,
he wasn't into being seen. In fact,
he had a baseball hat on and glasses and his crazy big white bushy beard
couldn't even recognize him.
He's snuck around catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free.
Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.